All right.
In the last six years, we have completed the life functionality, as you can see here in this section,
we're going to deploy our website to Verso.
And we're going to get a custom domain.
And at our website with that domain in there, solar as well.
So as you can see from the terminal, we're getting an error saying there's no secret.
This one was not.
But no problem.
Before when we were in the deployment, sorry in the deployment mode.
But.
For the production, we need to add the secret, and this is going to be very simple, we just need
to go to.
This file inside the AP API Pages API, off NICS, off that genius.
And just, uh.
And he for two pages, we add a secret.
We just write secret.
And this is going to be equal to a process that in the.
Because we want to add this fun to our environmental variable, so nobody can have access to our secret
and we just right sick bed, but in capital mode here I made a mistake to secrets.
All right.
And we had a.
Come out there.
So this is for this path.
But you go to our environmental variable.
And just at the end, you had a secret.
So we just tried secret, and this is going to be anything.
So can be a no can be a letter.
But the bigger is better.
So just try something random.
And we restore our server because we changed the environment or variable.
So the our website should work similarly with no problem.
So let's refresh the page.
So.
So that's fine.
It's working, it's signing of all the.
Yeah, everything's working normally.
We just need to go to.
They're salt and deploy our website.
So here.
We search for so.
And in the results section.
We're going to have to go to a website called Birdsell dot com.
Let's look in.
And we can't really recommend to log in with your guitar because we are going to be used guitar to get
the information and pass it to herself to easily deploy our website.
So we'll be signing with guitar.
Let me write down my name.
So.
This is going to authenticate you inside birther and here inside the vessel.
You just click on new project.
And you don't need to do anything you just here is showing it is showing you your recent repository.
And this is the Insta version for that.
You know, we did.
And.
So let's add, I get push again because we added the secret, but it didn't add it to our repository,
so we just create another command.
So at the secret.
And push it to get her.
So this should be fine.
Let's check that everything's OK.
So now we have twenty nine permits.
And the last one is at the secret.
So everything's fine.
You just go back to so and import this institution for.
So we have instability and for.
So we import this.
So the name would be instead version four.
It's already detected, that is the next year.
The truth would be the same.
You don't change the setting in built and output, we just add the environmental variables, so we go
to environmental variables here.
And one by one, we should add these things.
So the name is Google Client I.D. You copy this pasted here.
At this.
Next one is the crew client secrets.
That's and pretty quickly.
So after this, you can.
Automatically create and reverse, automatically going to create your.
Application.
Let's do this one as well.
And this is from the one.
OK.
And this is the last line, which is the secret.
OK, so we added everything.
So one, uh, fine.
So let's try to deploy.
The deployment usually takes about one minute.
So at the same time, let's go to get our domain.
I put my domain in, I bought my domain in Google, so I searched for Google domain.
And I go to domains that Google dot com.
So I go to my own.
Not this account, this crunch.
OK.
As you can see, I have a domain name.
Hundred year Project Scott and I go to DNS, so I'm going to add another website for it.
So here this phone, manage the records.
So I'm going to add a new record and I call this one.
Version four and the type would be a.
And this is the my first call.
I didn't call it the data.
So or IPv4 address?
So this is going to be the same for me always, so I added this one.
All right.
So I saved this.
And I'm going to add this one too personal to.
So we are getting an error inside the phone, a deployment.
Missing a key in suggestions that she is.
Suggestion that, yes, so we've got two suggestions that, yes, you're in the map, we are missing
a key.
So that's fine.
We're going to add a.
So.
Here.
So the key would be.
Inside this there and just the at the key.
And just a suggestion.
Dot I.D., because we are getting the idea here.
So this is going to be unique.
All right, so let's push this one to get up and try again,
get commit, and the message would be.
And the key.
Or suggestion?
Suggestions that yes.
And we push it to get up.
Let's check.
All right, so.
We try to do it again.
So we come back.
And if you go to the homepage, we can see that it's already added the ad to key for suggestions that
yes, to our application.
Let's go to the application.
So they said no deployment.
So let's.
Quote the deployments.
Both of them, they got an error.
See, what's the next area?
So we will redeploy it.
See what happens this stuff?
Should be fine.
So anytime you get a problem, you can see the functions and the logs, everything inside, if you have
any problem in your deployment.
So we're getting another error.
So let's check the errors, so we go to a building and you can see that he failed to compile and the
error is missing key.
So another place in our codes, we didn't put the key, probably.
I feel like it should be inside the post that, yes, when we added the comment.
So in the comments section.
He created a map, but we didn't put the key, so anarchy here.
So the key would be coming out.
That R&D.
So, I mean, just the common.
But I do both because this is coming from a database.
We need to add data as well.
That's right.
So let's.
Push this on to.
So at key for hostages.
It pushed his one to get half.
We go to homepage.
So you refresh the so.
If the new one came, let's go and check.
Or the.
There we go to deployment, it's still deploying, so we wait until it gets error or not.
So you can see that these these ones after 20.
Something they got here, but this fund is still building, so this is going to be fine, probably.
And uh, let's go inside this.
It shaped what's happening.
Yeah.
No error, fine, but we are getting some warning.
For example, one warning is saying do not use IMG use image from next host flash image.
This is not mandatory, but if you use like this, for example, in our posts that you use, your image
is going to be optimized.
So it was successful and already deployed to our two.
To this institution, Fort Worth, so death.
So we checked and.
We are going to get an error because we haven't done the Google part yet.
Because the let's let's signing and we see the error.
As you can see, now, we're getting our authorization error.
They said this.
Domain is not defined for callbacks, so we copy this one.
If you remember we were inside the Castle Dot Cloud Dot, Google dot com.
We added the credentials and here if you sign in with your Gmail.
If you go to API services and credentials, you comes to this page.
For the off 2.0 client ID, you need to edit this part.
We added the local localhost three thousand, uh, here.
For the redirect, but we didn't add our own website to the first one.
So, uh, for the redirect, we paste the link that we got on that.
Well, you copy it and here this is going to be.
From our application sites.
We went here, we come back.
You go to this is one of the URLs.
We have too many Earth, actually.
Not one.
So we have.
Let's check.
Let's go.
Yeah, this is.
Yeah.
Two more you are we just at one of them, two of them?
So this is going to be OK with this part and the other one.
The origin is we should add the extra tubes at the beginning to sew the callback for this one, we can
fix it too.
So we go to this web site, this sign in.
It Google.
So you can in another areas, so we copy this code this year as well, we go back to this class and
we add this one here as well.
So we shouldn't get error from this web site now.
Yeah.
It's a space it's before that, so that's fine, we say this and we tested again, we go to our website,
we sign in.
It Google.
Yeah, it brings us to the website.
Let's sign in with this account.
Every sign in.
That's everything's working nice and perfect, so let's add our custom domain.
So here.
We can add another.
Domain two, so let me.
Assigning domains here at the border, so we have no.
Some domains let's at go to the manage domains and be at our domain that we created this one Insta version
for a copy of this and we go to.
Here we added here.
Let you should wait a little bit to create the SSL certificate as well, but it should work now.
Usually it's very fast, so instead version four hundred projects that account this is the custom URL,
but we should get an error for this one too, because we haven't had the credentials.
So we copy this code.
This less your hour, you go to Google.
And we added here.
What a callback is this one and this is going to be.
Yeah, you are a.
All right.
We save this and we shouldn't get any error now.
And.
Was it here is?
No doubt this one?
I totally lost its closest people again to our websites we sign in.
Signing with Google.
Now we can sign in with our.
Jeff?
All right.
So it's working now.
So this is the step for deployment.
And any change, any change you do in your website, in your code, you need.
You just need to commit it and push it to get as soon as you do that.
If you go to get half.
As soon as you push, push it, reversal, automatically detect it and deploy it.
You can see this deployment or not successful, but the last one was successful.
And you get a check here, green check, and also you get a comment here as well under the court's reversal.
But comments on your comments and just saying that successfully deployed in these web sites.
All right.
Yeah, that was it for our project, I hope you enjoyed.
I'm going to add more functionality to this website, like the ability to follow or unfollow someone
or create it, create a.
I'm going to create some pages for each user name, and we're going to show all the posts related to
that person in that page.
So this is going to be very soon, just spare in your mind and check the course again and wait for the
updates.
So see you again in another project.